Updated descriptions of ids (#9622)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: api-reference/beta/resources/directoryobject.md

| Property   | Type |Description|
|:---------------|:--------|:----------|

> |id|String|The unique identifier for the object. For example, 12345678-9abc-def0-1234-56789abcde. NOTE: **id** is often but not exclusively in the form of a GUID; treat it as an opaque identifier and do not rely on it being a GUID. Key. Not nullable. Read-only.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|id|String|The unique identifier for the object. For example, 12345678-9abc-def0-1234-56789abcde. The value of the **id** property is often but not exclusively in the form of a GUID; treat it as an opaque identifier and do not rely on it being a GUID. Key. Not nullable. Read-only.|
```
